# Perkticular
### A Place for your Inner Coffee Critic
Perkticular tracks what you’ve liked and disliked about coffee shops, that way you can make your shop and drink choices with confidence. 

You can add drinks and shop aspects about specific places, and rank these drinks/aspects against others of the same type to establish favorites. The homepage displays a map of shops you've had good experiences in, and has options to view drinks, shop aspects, or both kinds of features. The goal of Perkticular is to make it easy to see your past opinions to inform your decision-making process when choosing a coffee shop, so you always end up with the experience you're looking for. So, if you’re picky about your coffee shops, check out Perkitcular!

## About Me
Glorilí Alejandro grew up drawing on every surface she encountered. She enjoys figuring out the intricacies of how things work and their effects on the big picture, and uses this skill for good (how do we prevent errors on this accounting spreadsheet?) and evil (how do I get my introverted friend to sing karaoke in public?). Glorilí first encountered coding while animating videos for her art degree at Yale University. After discovering UX design, she became a founding member of the design team at a database software firm. She returned to the arts with new skills, building systems for an arts education non-profit. Glorilí aims to continue building systems with an eye for design, this time in software. She brings her abilities to bridge gaps between engineers and users, and solve complexity with creativity.